---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to my blog"
date:   2015-08-03 03:08:00
category: hi
---

Hey there. My name is Logan, but you probably already figured that out by now. Im going to use this blog as a way to log my journey into the world of web design & development.

I started the journey some time last spring where I took a week long web basics course.  I quickly realized I cant afford traditional education and sought out online resources. The great thing about the web is that its a self sustaining organism. It has all the resources necessary to keep it running. Information is free if you know where to look. Check out my resources page for some ways to go about that.

Im creating this for myself and if someone out there gets a benefit then thats a plus. Im just finding it harder the older I get to keep track of everything mentally.

I breezed through html, its easy to learn. I fell in love with css, something about that instant gratification of typing one line of code and having something get styled on the page pleases me. JavaScript is still a little scary to be honest, I find myself running into a wall every time I try to learn it. Then when I come back to it I find that I have to relearn a lot of it. But its getting easier and I see powerful it is and look forwarding to getting more comfortable with it.

Some personal things...I have too many hobbies. I want to be a great music producer, guitar player, graphic designer, web developer, and teach people what I know on top of that. But Im also introverted and am working on coming out of my shell. My job doing roadside assistance has definetely helped that. Talking to a hundred people a day, all from different parts of the country helps. Helping people is very rewarding and I choose to put my time and energy into that more and more.

So join me on my journey, into the world of web design & development. 
